Create hitman.md (#648)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/space-station-14/round-flow/antagonists/hitman.md

# Hitman
<!-- Your title should convey the basic jist of your proposed changes. It should be short because the text will be linked in the sidebar. -->

| Designers | Implemented | GitHub Links |
|---|---|---|
| Storymatt | no | N/A|

<!--
`Designers` should be the names that you use on GitHub and/or Discord. This is optional but strongly recommended, since:

- This acknowledges credit where it is due
- People who are confused about the written intent can use this information to contact the authors

`Implemented` is the status of the feature.

Github links can include multiple PRs, if relevant.
-->

## Overview

a new subgamemode antag, and possible small midround antag. based around hyperfocusing on a single kill.

<!-- A very short, maybe three sentence summary of what this proposal is about. A high level "overview" or "what this adds". -->

## Background

> A long while back in funky station rather questioned why there wasn't an antag based around kill objectives, only ones based around more general killing. so i endevdored to make one. this envoled into a antag based around a single kill objective, taking the planning such a objective set would need to its extreme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A long while back, funky station questioned why there wasn't an antagonist based around kill objectives, only ones based around more general killing. so i endeavored to make one. this evolved into a antagonist based around a single kill objective, taking the planning such an objective set would need to its extreme.
```

> this was made and meged into deltaV. I now hope to add this to wizden as i think it would be nice for it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this was made and merged into deltaV. I now hope to add this to wizden as i think it would be nice for it.
```

<!--
Summarize any information that is needed to contextualize the proposed changes, e.g. the current state of the game.

Also link any relevant discussions on Discord, GitHub, or HackMD that are relevant to the proposal.
-->

## Features to be added
### primary additions

> A new antag based around a single kill objective at a time called hitman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new antagonist based around a single kill objective at a time named the Hitman
```

A midround variant that comes in a shuttle

### objectives

> alongside the regular objectives of a kill objective and get to cc would be 2 from a new set of 'modifer' objectives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alongside the regular objectives of killing a crew member and get to centcomm, there would be a set of two new "modifier objectives".
```

> modifer objectives are free objectives mechanically and provide limitations or required actions to the kill.

Reviewer: you should add potential mechanical objectives to these, as free objectives mechanically basically means just kill everything in a LRP setting, i'll provide examples for most of the listed ones

Author: i could for some

indirect just inverse the kill tracking system
public just check for crew nearby, in sight if possible
cleanly what you said

and for ones that make things a bit worse
just checking if the hitman killed anyone for kill someone close
and checking if the target has a hitman card for inform them.

Author: also i think your mixing up free objectives with the wizards free objective? the wizards eaily becomes kill everyone but otherwise it just means not mechically tracked, which i dont think means that much considering mechanical backing just means grenn box and round end text

the current list of objectives is as such
- Make their death look like a accident

> - Kill them in a public space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kill them in a public space (this can be done via implementing a kill witness system, making it required to kill someone with others looking)
```

> - Kill them dramatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kill them dramatically (kill them in an explosion) 
```

Author: the issue with this is that it both requires an explosive, does not explain that it needs this, and is so limiting as to get boring. the last reason is why several of these are not mechically tracked, as tracking them would turn an interesting challenge into a boring extra step. I really think even lrp folks would go along with it. maybe just remove like gain their trust and the dramatic one.

- Draw-out the kill
- Inform them about the assassination long before it happens

> - Kill them cleanly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kill them cleanly (kill them without any blood spilling)
```

Author: that works pretty well

> - Kill them in a funny way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kill them in a funny way (the victim must have a pie on their face when they die)
```

Author: refer to above

- Kill them indirectly
- Kill them nicely

> - Kill someone close to them and make sure they know

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kill someone close to them and make sure they know (kill a co-worker aswell, and using the kill witness system mentioned before, make sure they see it)
```

Author: yeah this works

- Gain their trust

of course, all that matters is that they make the kill harder or add an extra step, not the exact objectives.

### the contract system

> a system which would allow the hitman to get a new set of target and modifier objectives after completing the first one. for rp it could also give some spaceos in "good faith payment". this is to ensure a lucky or skilled hitman has something to do. it would be an ability of hitmen to do this for ease of coding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a system which would allow the hitman to get a new set of target and modifier objectives after completing the first one. if it's not wanted for Hitman to have another kill objective, they could also give some Spesos in "good faith payment". this is to ensure a lucky or skilled hitman has something to do. it would be an ability of hitmen to do this for ease of coding.
```

### hitman card implant

> An implant hitman would start with that would make a bussines card upon using. this would purely be for flavor and making the "inform them about the assassination long before it happens" objective easier to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implant hitman would start with that would make a business card upon using. this would purely be for flavor and making the "inform them about the assassination long before it happens" objective easier to do.
```
you fail to explain what an implant hitman is aswell

Author: an implant the hitman starts with, sorry, i was writing it while sleepy

### full time job
the hitman kills crew, i rather think most crew would not want someone doing this
### fun to lose as
this rather circles back to escalation, back and forth, and Discoverability. the main thing to note is the riduculous kill should be more enjoyable then the regular kill objective. for the hitman it should likely also end up pretty fun due to still getting to have the planning part alongside the funnyness in how such a plan would go haywire. besides that the desperate attempts to try and complete a kill after being found out should prove enjoyable for both.

<!--
Consider addressing:
- How does the feature align with our [Core Design Principles](../space-station-14/core-design/design-principles.md) and game philosphy?
- What makes this feature enjoyable or rewarding for players?
- Does it introduce meaningful choices, risk vs. reward, or new strategies?
- How does it enhance player cooperation, competition, or emergent gameplay?
- If the feature is a new antagonist, how does it fit into the corresponding [design pillars](../space-station-14/round-flow/antagonists.md)?
-->

## Roundflow & Player interaction

> the hitman despite being a round start their main impact comes later on in the round. it should add more spice to the latter half of the round based on how ive been told it goes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the hitman despite being a roundstart antag, causes their main impact later on in the round. it should add more spice to the latter half of the round.
```

> I generally want hitman players to go with every objective. this is not mechanically enforced as no objective can force the player to try and complete them. if they do not engage with the modifiers, specifically the kill happens far earlier on, in which case it becomes similar to a syndicate agent. well i dislike this outcome it is not a awfull outcome and thusly i think it is ok.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hitman players should generally go with every objective. this is not mechanically enforced as no objective can force the player to try and complete them. if they do not engage with the modifiers, specifically the kill happens far earlier on, in which case it becomes similar to a syndicate agent. well i dislike this outcome it is not a awful outcome and is okay.
```

- How do you wish for players to interact with your feature and how should they not interact with it? How is this mechanically enforced?
- Which department will interact with the feature? How does the feature fit into the [design document](../space-station-14/departments.md) for that department?
-->

## Administrative & Server Rule Impact (if applicable)
for griefing, it introuduces a new subgame which has a gun. but the limited ammo and fire rates of the weapons should stop main issues
for admins there is the chance targets will complain about hitman players not following objectives. but this will likely be after round mald and requires the hitman to actually be ignoring their objectives, thus these should be relatively rare and relatively easy to handle.

<!--
- Does this feature introduce any new rule enforcement challenges or additional workload for admins?
- Could this feature increase the likelihood of griefing, rule-breaking, or player disputes?
- How are the rules enforced mechanically by way the feature will be implemented?
-->

# Technical Considerations

> it likely should cause preformce issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
theres no chance adding one new antag would cause performance issues.

> the new impant requires a new system, as does the contract system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the new implant requires a new system, as does the contract system.
```

the card would have ui which is just a syndicate one turned to grey with a white crosshair instead of the red and snake symbol.
The contract menu would look like a basic ui with a button to get a new contract in the bottom right corner, and a list of drop down menus for each target and their modifers. a button to confirm its been completed at the bottom of each set and how much they completed for the playes who like such.

> 

Reviewer: If objectives were mechanically enforced rather than roleplay enforced, the antag would require a kill-witness system and improved kill tracking systems.

Author: kill witness could be done through checking how close the person got? kill tracking wouldnt outright be needed depending on which are mechically tracked.
